Revamp article format and instructions. (#44703)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/sdk/authentication/azure-hosted-apps.md

There are two types of managed identities to consider when configuring your hosted app:

- **System-assigned** identities are enabled directly on an Azure resource and are tied to its life cycle. When the resource is deleted, Azure automatically deletes the identity for you. System-assigned identities provide a minimalistic approach to using managed identities.
- **User-assigned** identities are created as standalone Azure resources and offer greater flexibility and capabilities. They are ideal for solutions involving multiple Azure resources that need to share the same identity and permissions. For example, if multiple virtual machines need to access the same set of Azure resources, a user-assigned managed identity provides reusability and optimized management.

The sections ahead describe the steps to enable and use a system-assigned managed identity for an Azure-hosted app. If you need to use a user-assigned managed identity, visit the [Manage user-assigned managed identities](/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities?pivots=identity-mi-methods-azp) article for more information.

> ## Enable a system-assigned identity on the Azure hosting resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable a system-assigned managed identity on the Azure hosting resource
```

> To get started using a system-assigned identity with your app, enable the identity on the Azure resource hosting your app, such as an Azure App Service, Azure Container App, or Azure Virtual Machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started using a system-assigned managed identity with your app, enable the identity on the Azure resource hosting your app, such as an Azure App Service, Azure Container App, or Azure Virtual Machine.
```

You can enable a system-assigned managed identity for an Azure resource using either the Azure portal or the Azure CLI.

### [Azure portal](#tab/azure-portal)

1. In the Azure portal, navigate to the resource that hosts your application code, such as an Azure App Service or Azure Container App instance.

> 1. On the **Overview** page for your resource, select **Identity** from the navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the resource's **Overview** page, expand **Settings** and select **Identity** from the navigation.
```

---

## Assign roles to the managed identity

Next, determine which roles your app needs and assign those roles to the managed identity. You can assign roles to a managed identity at the following scopes:

- **Resource**: The assigned roles only apply to that specific resource.
- **Resource group**: The assigned roles apply to all resources contained in the resource group.
- **Subscription**: The assigned roles apply to all resources contained in the subscription.

The following example shows how to assign roles at the resource group scope, since many apps manage all their related Azure resources using a single resource group.

### [Azure portal](#tab/azure-portal)

> 1. Navigate to the **Overview** page of the resource group that contains the app with the system-assigned identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Overview** page of the resource group that contains the app with the system-assigned managed identity.
```
